In continuation to installing the front cross
member, now we're going to install- before
installing the rear cross member you need
to install the zerk fittings which are supplied.
To help the fitting slide in easier, put a
little grease on the ends and hammer in. Now
after you install the zerk fittings, you're
going to put in the metal sleeves into the
zerk fittings. Just like with the zerk fittings,
put a little bit of grease on and hammer in.
And make sure when hitting, that the fitting
seats all the way through on both sides. Once
both fittings are set and go to go and now
you're ready to install the rear cross member.
Now we're placing in the rear cross member.
Make sure that you have the sides set right
because there is a dip down in the passenger
side, for the front differential. Slide it
in place. Install the bolts facing from the
head of the bolt from the rear. Now the rear
cross member is installed. All
right now before installing the control arms
into the new brackets, you must grind out
the outer flange on the control arms so that
they will fit in the bracket. What you do
is you take a grinder, grind the little lip
that's in the control arm, flush with the
control arm. After that's done paint it black,
paint over it so there's no rust. Then you
disassemble the factory torsion bar bracket
form the control arm which is right here.
The kit supplies a new bracket. The new bracket
will be bolted to the new control arm and
once that's all bolted on, that's it, now
you start to install the rest of the lift.
The control arm will go on and the new spindle
will go on. Which is right here. You'll install
the hub assembly to this and bolt everything
back up. Tighten everything, torque it all
down. With that the whole front installation's
done. Mount the, mount the wheels and tires.
For the fronts done torque the torsion bar
exactly to the same torque and specifications
that it was when you took it off and that's
it for the front.